# Week of 06/02 - 06/06

## 06/02
- Completed HR training/onboarding
- Met with Doug
  - General expectations:
    - Use personal laptop if preferred, company laptop is too locked down.
    - Aim for 1 hour call daily.
    - Journal daily accomplishments

### Project Overview Notes
- **X12** is a EDI **(Electronic Data Interchange)** standard.
- Provides specification for claims data.
  - Providers submit claims to insurance.
- Veteran's Affairs is largest healthcare provider in the US
  - Has the oldest EHR (Electronic Health Record) in the US
  - 10 million veterans + families, dependents, etc.
  -  Have option of VA facilities or "network" for care.
  -  If providers don't get paid, they stop being in network and veterans have no care.
-  **EDI 270**: Requests information from insurance about coverage.
-  **EDI 271**: Response to inform provider about eligibilty, coverage, benefits.
-  **Goal**: Create a client for the above purpose.
   -  Capable of generating 270 file.
   -  Test client with Tkinter UI
   -  TLS support
   -  Configurable and multithreaded
      -  Adjust request per seconds, concurrent connections.
      -  UI should respond to these changes.
   -  Graph responses

### Today
- Setup Github with documentation, journals, goals.
- Setup Python environment.
- Setup AWS account.
- 1 line mock HTTP server that takes 270, responds with 271


## 06/03
- Reviewed EDI 270/271 specification
  - [edination](https://edination.com/edi-formats.html?model=EdiNation.X12.HIPAA.005010&message=270)
- Doug walked through MCCF architecture
- Skimmed [PEP 8 Style Guide](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/)
- Setup very basic mock HTTP server returning 271 response
  - Using Flask
  - Working with Postman
- Started Agile Principles and Methodologies Course
- Started Stephane Maarek AWS course